🌱 Add support for compatible contracts to clusterctl (#12018)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/reference/versions.md

| API Version | Status         | Supported Until                                                                  |
|-------------|----------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| v1beta2     | Supported      | at least 9 months or 3 minor releases after a newer API version will be released |

> | v1beta1     | Deprecated     | Deprecated since CAPI v1.11, EOL planned for v1.14, Aug 26                       |

Reviewer: Let's be slightly more explicit. Will v1.14 still support v1beta1 or not?
(I think it won't)

same for the table below in l.165

Author: PTAL

| v1alpha4    | Not served (*) | EOL since 2023-12-05 - v1.6.0 release date; removal planned for v1.13, Apr 26    |
| v1alpha3    | Not served (*) | EOL since 2023-07-25 - v1.5.0 release date; removal planned for v1.13, Apr 26    |

> See [11920](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/issues/11920) for details about the v1beta14 removal plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [11920](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/issues/11920) for details about the v1beta1 removal plan.
```

See [11919](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/issues/11919) for details about the v1alpha3/v1alpha4 removal plan.

> - (*) Cluster API stopped to serve v1alpha3 API types from the v1.5 release and v1alpha4 types starting from the v1.6 release.

Reviewer: Making this a list looks a bit awkward

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4e0380e2-f38c-4521-b48b-ce68d38f4f31)

But feel free to keep it if you prefer

Those rules can be in the form of CustomResourceDefinition (CRD) fields and/or expected behaviors to be implemented.
See [provider contracts](../developer/providers/contracts/overview.md)

> Each Cluster API release supports one contract version, and by convention the supported contract version matches

Reviewer: Should we be slightly more explicit by saying the apiVersion of the core apigroup? (the one that contains Cluster/Machine vs. KCP / CABPK)

Author: I don't think it is necessary, we have a table with supported API version right above, and we are keeping versions of in tree providers aligned (I also don't want readers or us to start speculating on what happen if versions are not aligned for now).

the newest API version in the same Cluster API release.

> A contract version might be compatible with older contract versions; compatibility for older contract versions will 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A contract version might be temporarily compatible with older contract versions to ease transition; compatibility for older contract versions will 
```

> be dropped when the older contract version will be considered EOL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be dropped when the older contract version is EOL.
```

| Contract Version | Compatible with contract versions | Status      | Supported Until                                            |
|------------------|-----------------------------------|-------------|------------------------------------------------------------|

> | v1beta2          | v1beta1                           | Supported   | After a newer API contract will be released                |

Reviewer: > After a newer API contract will be released

Seems inconsistent with "at least 9 months or 3 minor releases after a newer API version will be released" in the table above. Or at least it is confusing me

Author: We have to keep old API versions around for 9 months or 3 minor releases + have conversions etc. etc.

For contract version it is our choice if to keep them around.
In the past old contracts were immediately removed; for v1beta1 we decided to keep it around/considering it compatible, but we are not required to do so for v1beta2 in future. 

This is why for v1beta2 I'm documenting the worst scenario (it will go away immediately)

| v1beta1          |                                   | Deprecated  | Deprecated since CAPI v1.11, EOL planned for v1.14, Aug 26 |

> | v1alpha4         |                                   | EOL         | EOL since 2023-12-05 - v1.6.0 release date                 |

Reviewer: Why are we dropping the removal info from this table?

Author: Not exactly sure what do you mean, but old contracts are already removed; v1beta1 is now deprecated and there is a link to the removal plan right below the table

Reviewer: This PR changed this table from
```
| v1alpha4         | EOL       | EOL since 2023-12-05 - v1.6.0 release date; removal planned for v1.13, Apr 26 |
| v1alpha3         | EOL       | EOL since 2023-07-25 - v1.5.0 release date; removal planned for v1.13, Apr 26 |
```

to

```
| v1alpha4 | | EOL | EOL since 2023-12-05 - v1.6.0 release date |
| v1alpha3 | | EOL | EOL since 2023-07-25 - v1.5.0 release date |
```

i.e. we removed "removal planned for v1.13, Apr 26 "

But I think I got it now. This removal was never about the contract version, only about the apiVersion. So it just didn't make sense in this table?

Author: That's correct, removal was never about the contract version, it is only about the apiVersion (there is only one implementation of the contract in each CAPI version)

| v1alpha3         |                                   | EOL         | EOL since 2023-07-25 - v1.5.0 release date                 |

> See [11920](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/issues/11920) for details about the v1beta14 removal plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [11920](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/issues/11920) for details about the v1beta1 removal plan.
```
